[Feature] Add ability to sanitize post fields (#13)
allejo/php-vcr-sanitizer: README.md

        body: '...response body...'
```

### Post Field Content

> When making POST requests, you VCR will sometimes record the data inside of a `post_fields` parameter rather than the `body`. In those cases, this option can be used to sanitize sensitive content. Note that unlike the `body` field, `post_fields` is an array:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When making POST requests, your VCR will sometimes record the data inside of a `post_fields` parameter rather than the `body`; e.g. when `CURLOPT_POSTFIELDS` is used in cURL. In those cases, this option can be used to sanitize sensitive content. Note that unlike the `body` field, `post_fields` is an array:
```

Since we know when `post_fields` can be used, we should give it as an example.

Author: Good call. I also did a little bit more research and it looks like it's mostly used when we don't set `CURLOPT_POST` to true. Here is the [documentation](forms.https://www.php.net/manual/en/function.curl-setopt.php):

```php
VCRCleaner::enable(array(
    'request' => array(
        'postFieldScrubber' => array(
            function (array $postFields) {
                $postFields['Secret_Key'] = '';
                return $postFields;
            },
        ),
    ),
));
```

```yaml
# You POST request to `https://www.example.com/search` with a post field of
# `['data'=> 'hello world', 'Secret_Key' => 'abc']` gets recorded like so,
-
    request:
        method: POST
        url: 'https://www.example.com/search'
        headers:
            Host: www.example.com
        post_fields:
            data: 'hello world'
            Secret_Key: ''
    response:
        status:
            http_version: '1.1'
            code: '404'
            message: 'Not Found'
        headers: ~
        body: '...response body...'

> ```

Reviewer: ~~~suggestion
```

~~~
